Add Cramer solver (#57)
Mjolnir-Forge/mjolnir-core: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Checks

### General

- [ ] update changelog
- [ ] update documentation
- [ ] update tests
- [ ] update benchmarks

### Cpp

> - [ ] add the following keywords and attributes to functions if it makes sense: 

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] add the following keywords and attributes to functions if they make sense: 
```
